README.md, before:

# hls-orchestration

Orchestration for creating a stack to process HLS

### Regular Install
Installs cdk using yarn.
Installs python requirements and hls-orchestration package in a local virtual environment (venv)
```
$ make install
```

### Environment
Environment variables are set in env.sh. A sample env.sh is at env.sh.sample, you must copy this file
to env.sh before running make synth, make diff, or make deploy
The following variables can be overridden from the calling shell's environment
```
$ export HLS_STACKNAME=<Name of your stack>
$ export HLS_LAADS_TOKEN=<Token used for accessing the Laads Data>
$ export HLS_SENTINEL_BUCKET_ROLE_ARN=<GCC Role for accessing output bucket>
```

### Synth
Display generated cloud formation template that will be used to deploy.
```
$ make synth
```

### Diff
Display a diff of the current deployment and any changes created.
```
$ make synth
```

### Deploy
Deploys current created stack.
```
$ make deploy
```

### Setup Logging Database
After `deploy` is run and the stack is created run
```
$ make setupdb
```
To bootstrap the logging database.

### Cleanup
Cleans out all files and prereqs created in the installation process.
You will need to reinstall after running this.
```
$ make clean
```

Commit message:

Running aws-cdk commands in tox virtualenv.

README.md, after:

# hls-orchestration

AWS Stack for processing HLS data.

### Requirements
Python>=3.7
tox
aws-cli
jq
An IAM role with sufficient permissions for creating, destroying and modifying the relevant stack resources.

### Environment Settings
Environment variables are set in `environment.sh`. Copy `environment.sh.sample` to `environment.sh` and update the settings prior to running any commands.  The following variables can be overridden from the calling shell's environment
```
$ export HLS_STACKNAME=<Name of your stack>
$ export HLS_LAADS_TOKEN=<Token used for accessing the Laads Data>
$ export HLS_SENTINEL_BUCKET_ROLE_ARN=<GCC Role for accessing output bucket>
```

### Synth
Display generated cloud formation template that will be used to deploy.
```
$ source ./environment.sh && tox -d dev -r -- synth
```

### Diff
Display a diff of the current deployment and any changes created.
```
$ source ./environment.sh && tox -d dev -r -- diff
```

### Deploy
Deploys current created stack.
```
$ source ./environment.sh && tox -d dev -r -- deploy
```

### Setup Logging Database
After `deploy` is run and the stack is created run
```
$ source ./environment.sh && ./scripts/setupdb.sh
```
To bootstrap the logging database.

### Development
For active stack development run
```
$ source ./environment.sh && tox -d dev -r -- version
```
This creates a local virtualenv in the directory `devenv`.  To use it for development
```
$ source devenv/bin/activate
```

### Tests
To run unit test for all included Lambda functions
```
tox -r
```
